📖  Add documentation files for 1.0 Bento components (#31907)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-lightbox/amp-lightbox.md

[/tip]

### Migrating from 0.1

> Unlike `0.1`, the experimental `1.0` version of `amp-lightbox` employs the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experimental `1.0` version of `amp-lightbox` employs the following differences from version `0.1`:
```

Author: Updated!
